# JS-Connect-Four

The code is a simple example of how to use Redux. The code above will create a store with the reducer function as its initial state and it will then be able to update the state of the application by passing in an action.

The code starts with an initial state that has a player, winner, and board. The reducer function takes in the current state and returns the next state based on what action is passed into it. The first case is when a chip was dropped onto the board. In this case, we return to our original state with no change made to it because there's nothing else for us to do since we're just returning back to where we started from. The second case is when someone switches players by pressing PLAYER_SWITCHED . We update our player variable so that it now points at who they are playing as and then return back to our original state again without any changes being made.

The code is the game over function. It checks to see if the status of the game is draw and then it will ask the user if they want to replay or not. The winner function takes in three arguments: row, col, and color. This function will count how many times each player has won and then return a string that says who won the most games in total.

The code starts by declaring a variable called num. It is set to be equal to the color of the chip that was just dropped. The code then iterates through each row and column in the board, checking if it matches the value of num. If so, count is incremented by one and gameOver is called with that color as an argument. The next part of this function checks for four consecutive chips matching number 0, which would mean that player has won! This happens when there are no more chips left on the board or when all players have been eliminated from play.

The code starts by declaring a variable called $status. This is the status of the game, which can be either "red" or "yellow." The code then sets up an event listener that will listen for clicks on cells in the board. If a cell is clicked, it checks to see if it's yellow or red and drops a chip accordingly. The first thing we do in this function is declare two variables: player and winner. These are both boolean values that represent whether the user has won or not yet. Next, we create an array called board with six elements inside of it: [1, 2, 3]. We use these numbers to reference each row and column on our gameboard so that we can easily loop through them later on when rendering our gameboard as HTML markup. After creating these arrays, we set up some styles for our gameboard using CSS rules like boxShadow (which makes all squares have shadows) and backgroundColor (which changes how every square looks). Next comes another function call called renderGame(). This function calls itself recursively until there are no more rows left to render; at which point it renders out its own HTML markup into document using jQuery's .appendChild() method before calling itself again from